Update authentication-azure-ad.md (#5)
MicrosoftDocs/data-api-builder-docs: data-api-builder/authentication-azure-ad.md

      9. Scope: `api://<APP_ID>/Endpoint.Access` (don't forget this or authentication fails)
3. Select Get New Access Token, and sign in with your Azure AD tenant credentials.
   1. It's expected that you get a Consent screen. This is normal and you must agree to authenticate successfully.

## X-MS-API-ROLE request header

> The API requires two headers for authentication: a bearer token and X-MS-API-ROLE. The value of X-MS-API-ROLE must match the role specified in the token. For example, if the token has the role **Sample.Role**, then X-MS-API-ROLE should also be **Sample.Role**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data API builder requires the header `X-MS-API-ROLE` to authorize requests using custom roles. The value of `X-MS-API-ROLE` must match a role specified in the token. For example, if the token has the role **Sample.Role**, then X-MS-API-ROLE should also be **Sample.Role**. For more information, see the [Authorization](./authorization.md#user-roles) article.
```
